

Your task is almost complete. Now you must do a thorough end to end test of every feature in the code to ensure it works from both the front end, the back end, and the database. While you are performing the tests, update the repltimd file to include clear instructions as to how each action is preformed, which api routes are called and what paraemeters are passed. Use the openapi standard so that this documentation is easily understood by other developers or AI machines.  Ensure that every test properly updates the data in all the dashboards, primarily data containing information about product quantities, inventory costs, market values, upcoming payments, and upcoming payouts.  In order to do this, let’s clear the database completely (except the users table) to start the new processes from scratch. This will ensure that things are being created and updated properly.  First seed the databases with configurations that will be needed for the testing, such as payment methods, categories, and brands, as well as a vendor called Luxette (which is used to track our own inventory) and an item called operations (which is used to track internal expenses)  In your tests, ensure to test the following features and that they work perfectly: CRU = Create, Read, and Update. For now we are not deleting.  1) CRU a new vendor 2) CRU a new item 3) CRU a new client 4) Create a new contract template 5) Create a new contract for the new vendor, for the new item, using the newly created template 6) Have the client purchase said item in installments of different values, do NOT pay off the item in its entirety as it will be important for further testing. 7)  Download the invoice during different process of the payments and ensure that the invoice reflects the correct numbers 8) Ensure that the incoming payments match the data and that the payouts record the values  9) Ensure that there reports bring in the correct numbers. 10) Under configuration, ensure you can CRU PAyment methods, categories, and brands and that these are refleceted in eachform and dropdown that require the data. 11) Ensure that you can create a user and log in with the new user. 12) Finally, ensure that you can delete the newly created user.